= gfm2confluence

This is a simple tool, which converts gfm documents (GitHub Flavored Markdown[http://github.github.com/github-flavored-markdown/]) to the {Atlassian Wiki Format}[https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Wiki+Markup]. This format is mostly used inside jira and confluence.

The implementation was greatly inspired by markdown2confluence[https://github.com/jedi4ever/markdown2confluence].

The gem is based on Redcarpet[https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet].

== Installation:

=== Via gem:

 gem install gfm2confluence

=== From github:

 gem install bundler
 git clone git://github.com/ablagoev/gfm2confluence.git
 bundle install vendor

== Usage:

 gfm2confluence <inputfile>
 gfm2confluence <inputtext>

== Known Issues:

* Since redcarper/sundown mostly remove newlines, extra newlines have been added to the parsing of paragraphs, list items, etc.
* Tables are not yet supported
* Nested lists are not supported

== Contributing to gfm2confluence
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 ablagoev. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

